Section,Aspect,Agent,Score,Line_References,Details
Executive Summary,Narrative,Both,55,,"Outputs from AAVA_1.0 and AAVA_2.0 address different business logic and transformation/test strategies. AAVA_1.0 focuses on value-based status and aggregation logic for DataFrames, while AAVA_2.0 centers on CSV ingestion, schema validation, and error handling for SAP BW loading. Structural approaches and test case coverage are fundamentally different, resulting in low semantic and structural similarity. Both outputs are syntactically correct, scoring 100 each for correctness. Overall, the outputs are not functionally equivalent."
Detailed Analysis,Semantic Similarity,Both,50,"All lines","AAVA_1.0 and AAVA_2.0 target different data domains: AAVA_1.0 tests value/status transformation and aggregation, while AAVA_2.0 tests CSV ingestion, field count validation, and error handling. There is only minimal overlap (both are PySpark test suites for DataFrame logic), but the intent and business scenario differ substantially."
Detailed Analysis,Structural Similarity,Both,40,"All lines","AAVA_1.0 organizes tests around business rules (value thresholds, null handling, aggregation), while AAVA_2.0 structures tests by file format scenarios (row length, file errors, JDBC failures). The test decomposition, helper usage, and validation logic are fundamentally different, with no parallel in step sequence or coverage."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,AAVA_1.0,100,"All lines","All code is syntactically valid PySpark and pytest. No undefined variables, broken references, or structural errors detected."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,AAVA_2.0,100,"All lines","All code is syntactically valid PySpark and pytest. Helper functions, fixtures, and mocks are used correctly with no syntax errors."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,Overall,100,,"Average of AAVA_1.0 (100) and AAVA_2.0 (100)."
Aspect,AAVA_1.0,AAVA_2.0,Overall
Semantic Similarity,50,50,50
Structural Similarity,40,40,40
Correctness,100,100,100
Overall,,,55
Recommendations,Recommendation,,,"All lines","Align test objectives: If the goal is to validate ABAP-to-PySpark transformation for the same business logic, ensure both agents address the same scenario and requirements. Merge or refactor tests to target the same data pipeline and validation points."
Recommendations,Recommendation,,,"All lines","For AAVA_2.0, consider adding business logic validation (e.g., status assignment, aggregation) if relevant to the ABAP conversion. For AAVA_1.0, consider expanding test coverage to include error handling for file ingestion and schema validation as seen in AAVA_2.0."
Recommendations,Recommendation,,,"All lines","Both outputs are syntactically robust. No syntax corrections needed."