{
  "1. Overview of Program": "This ECL script defines a module called `Constants` that encapsulates two key constants: `NotFoundStatus` and `MaxJoinLimit`. These constants are designed to standardize values across the system, ensuring consistency and maintainability. The script is critical for defining reusable constants that can be referenced in other parts of the ECL codebase. By centralizing these definitions, it reduces redundancy and potential errors. This module serves as a foundational component for other scripts, providing predefined values for status messages and join limits.",
  "2. Code Structure and Design": "The script is structured as a module named `Constants`. Within this module, two constants are defined: `NotFoundStatus`, a string constant with the value 'Not found', and `MaxJoinLimit`, an integer constant set to 2000. The module encapsulation ensures that these constants are reusable and can be imported into other scripts. The design is minimalistic and focused on providing a centralized location for commonly used constants, adhering to best practices for modularity and maintainability.",
  "3. Data Flow and Processing Logic": {
    "Processed Datasets": [],
    "Data Flow": "This script does not process datasets directly. Instead, it defines constants that are used as inputs or configuration parameters in other scripts. The constants are exported from the `Constants` module, making them accessible to other parts of the ECL codebase. There are no transformations, joins, or aggregations in this script."
  },
  "4. Data Mapping": [],
  "5. Performance Optimization Strategies": "This script does not involve data processing operations such as joins, filtering, or indexing. As a result, performance optimization strategies are not applicable. However, the use of a module to encapsulate constants is a performance-aware design choice, as it avoids redundant definitions and ensures efficient reuse of predefined values across the codebase.",
  "6. Technical Elements and Best Practices": "The script adheres to best practices by encapsulating constants within a module, promoting modularity and reusability. It follows clear naming conventions, with descriptive names for both the module (`Constants`) and the constants (`NotFoundStatus`, `MaxJoinLimit`). There are no explicit error handling mechanisms in this script, as it is solely focused on defining constants. The simplicity of the script ensures maintainability and reduces the likelihood of errors.",
  "7. Complexity Analysis": {
    "Number of Lines": 5,
    "Datasets Used": 0,
    "Joins Used": "None",
    "TRANSFORM Functions": "None",
    "RECORD Definitions": "None",
    "OUTPUT Statements": 0,
    "Conditional Logic": 0,
    "Indexing and Lookups": "None",
    "Function Calls": "None",
    "Performance Controls": "Not applicable",
    "External Dependencies": "None",
    "Overall Complexity Score": 5
  },
  "8. Key Outputs": [],
  "Business Purpose of Outputs": "This script does not produce any direct outputs. Its primary purpose is to define constants that are used as inputs or configuration parameters in other scripts. By providing a centralized location for these constants, it supports consistency, maintainability, and traceability across the codebase."
}